Update README (#189)
ruby/gem_rbs_collection: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guide

## Before you start 💎

**If you are the owner of the gem:**
Adding RBS files directory in your gem would be a better option.
Write RBS files, put them in `sig` directory, and included the directory in the gem package.

> See [the guide](https://link-to-RBS-repo-that-will-be-prepared-later) for the details.

Reviewer: How about <https://github.com/ruby/rbs/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md>?

```suggestion
See [the guide](https://github.com/ruby/rbs/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for the details.
```
